one another okay what time we don't you
start why sorry where is I know well
then get this procedure going on Jim yep
all right okay this reaction we put in
aluminium be putting any weight in water
what was the one of the main types that
we made or you end up with are you doing
that I can gas which we call it in a
balloon right mm-hmm I can guess an
extremely flammable oh my god you guys
set them on fire nothing this one that's
on a heart you think I'm nervous yeah I
am just going to touch anything are you
going to ball countdown for each other
hey I'm gonna yeah you count down till I
might drop the camera yeah I know that's
how it looks on my dredge is not right
other guys nice catch three two one oh
y'all got here
yeah I wouldn't expecting like a point
of harmony ways and I wish I no no no
I'm hang it I first woman yeah Oh Adam
why are you ready no don't again Matt
how could you be at the counter I'll
find this on you to see one oh yeah our
jumpers best what's fun with you we're
called a pen I'm in three two one before
like smoke yeah fire alarm be a fire
burns on me that's when is only a flash
and fire I don't see any dictatorship
here too much later on wait wait wait
wait wait all right this this one's got
me the most yeah yes all right